Add badgetizr (#27)
badges/awesome-badges: README.md

- [dependents.info](https://dependents.info) &ndash; Showcase GitHub repository's network dependents with a badge and image.

### Badge tools

> - [Badgetizr](https://github.com/aiKrice/homebrew-badgetizr)  &ndash; Automatically adds customizable badges to your GitHub and GitLab pull/merge requests..

Reviewer: Sorry, we've ended up with a double full stop 🙈 

```suggestion
- [Badgetizr](https://github.com/aiKrice/homebrew-badgetizr)  &ndash; Automatically adds customizable badges to your GitHub and GitLab pull/merge requests.
```

> - [Badgetizr](https://github.com/aiKrice/homebrew-badgetizr)  &ndash; Render badges in your pull request regarding the body and title of a Pull/Merge request.

Reviewer: This description feels pretty unclear to me. 
```suggestion
- [Badgetizr](https://github.com/aiKrice/homebrew-badgetizr)  &ndash; Automatically adds customizable badges to your GitHub and GitLab pull/merge requests..
```
